README.md, before:

# Kamatera Docker Macine Driver

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera.png)](http://travis-ci.org/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera)

> This library adds the support for creating [Docker machines](https://github.com/docker/machine) hosted on the [Kamatera Cloud](https://www.kamatera.com/).

You need to create a Kamatera access token under `API` > `Keys` in the [Kamatera console](https://console.kamatera.com/keys).

## Installation

Download the latest binary for your platform from [Releases](https://github.com/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera/releases)

```
wget https://github.com/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera/releases/download/v1.0.0-RC1/docker-machine-driver-kamatera_v1.0.0-RC1_linux_amd64.tar.gz
```

Extract and install

```
tar -xvf docker-machine-driver-kamatera_v1.0.0-RC1_linux_amd64.tar.gz
chmod +x docker-machine-driver-kamatera
mv docker-machine-driver-kamatera /usr/local/bin/
```

* The `docker-machine-driver-kamatera` binary should be in your PATH

## Usage

Set your Kamatera api keys in environment variables

```
export KAMATERA_API_CLIENT_ID=
export KAMATERA_API_SECRET=
```

Choose a name for your machine

```
export MACHINE_NAME=my-machine
```

Create the machine

```
docker-machine create --driver kamatera $MACHINE_NAME
```

SSH into the machine

```
docker-machine ssh $MACHINE_NAME
```

Use Docker

```
eval $(docker-machine env $MACHINE_NAME)
docker run hello-world
```

Run docker-machine operations

```
docker-machine restart $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine stop $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine start $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine status $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine rm $MACHINE_NAME
```

## Create options

The following options / environment variables are available when running docker-machine create:

- `--kamatera-api-client-id` / `KAMATERA_API_CLIENT_ID`: **required**. Your project-specific access token for the kamatera Cloud API.
- `--kamatera-api-secret` / `KAMATERA_API_SECRET`: **required**. You Kamatera API secret.

Following are additional configuration for creating the Kamatera server:

- `--kamatera-datacenter` / `KAMATERA_DATACENTER` - default: `EU`
- `--kamatera-billing` / `KAMATERA_BILLING` - default: `hourly`
- `--kamatera-cpu` / `KAMATERA_CPU` - default: `1B`
- `--kamatera-ram` / `KAMATERA_RAM` - default: `1024`
- `--kamatera-disk-size` / `KAMATERA_DISK_SIZE` - default: `10`
- `--kamatera-image` / `KAMATERA_IMAGE` - default: `ubuntu_server_18.04_64-bit`

see [Kamatera server options](https://console.kamatera.com/service/server) for the supported values (must be logged-in to Kamatera console)

Commit message:

add support for selecting a private network and IP (by default auto-selected from available ips)

README.md, after:

# Kamatera Docker Macine Driver

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera.png)](http://travis-ci.org/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera)

> This library adds the support for creating [Docker machines](https://github.com/docker/machine) hosted on the [Kamatera Cloud](https://www.kamatera.com/).

You need to create a Kamatera access token under `API` > `Keys` in the [Kamatera console](https://console.kamatera.com/keys).

## Installation

Download the latest binary for your platform from [Releases](https://github.com/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera/releases)

```
wget https://github.com/OriHoch/docker-machine-driver-kamatera/releases/download/v1.0.0-RC1/docker-machine-driver-kamatera_v1.0.0-RC1_linux_amd64.tar.gz
```

Extract and install

```
tar -xvf docker-machine-driver-kamatera_v1.0.0-RC1_linux_amd64.tar.gz
chmod +x docker-machine-driver-kamatera
mv docker-machine-driver-kamatera /usr/local/bin/
```

* The `docker-machine-driver-kamatera` binary should be in your PATH

## Usage

Set your Kamatera api keys in environment variables

```
export KAMATERA_API_CLIENT_ID=
export KAMATERA_API_SECRET=
```

Choose a name for your machine

```
export MACHINE_NAME=my-machine
```

Create the machine

```
docker-machine create --driver kamatera $MACHINE_NAME
```

SSH into the machine

```
docker-machine ssh $MACHINE_NAME
```

Use Docker

```
eval $(docker-machine env $MACHINE_NAME)
docker run hello-world
```

Run docker-machine operations

```
docker-machine restart $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine stop $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine start $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine status $MACHINE_NAME
docker-machine rm $MACHINE_NAME
```

## Create options

The following options / environment variables are available when running docker-machine create:

- `--kamatera-api-client-id` / `KAMATERA_API_CLIENT_ID`: **required**. Your project-specific access token for the kamatera Cloud API.
- `--kamatera-api-secret` / `KAMATERA_API_SECRET`: **required**. You Kamatera API secret.

Following are additional configuration for creating the Kamatera server:

- `--kamatera-datacenter` / `KAMATERA_DATACENTER` - default: `EU`
- `--kamatera-billing` / `KAMATERA_BILLING` - default: `hourly`
- `--kamatera-cpu` / `KAMATERA_CPU` - default: `1B`
- `--kamatera-ram` / `KAMATERA_RAM` - default: `1024`
- `--kamatera-disk-size` / `KAMATERA_DISK_SIZE` - default: `10`
- `--kamatera-image` / `KAMATERA_IMAGE` - default: `ubuntu_server_18.04_64-bit`
- `--kamatera-private-network-name` / `KAMATERA_PRIVATE_NETWORK_NAME` - default: `` - if not provided, will not attach to a private network
- `--kamatera-private-network-ip` / `KAMATERA_PRIVATE_NETWORK_IP` - default: `` - if not provided, first ip will be used from available private ips

see [Kamatera server options](https://console.kamatera.com/service/server) for the supported values (must be logged-in to Kamatera console)
